Update usage for sa-gcs-plank service account (#11381)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/authorization.md

| :---------------------------- |:-----------------------------------------------------------| :------------- |
| **sa-gke-kyma-integration**   | Runs integration tests on a GKE cluster.                   | `Cloud KMS CryptoKey Encrypter/Decrypter` (`roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyVersions.useToDecrypt`,`roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyVersions.useToEncrypt`,`roles/resourcemanager.projects.get`), `Compute Admin` (`roles/compute.admin`), `Compute Network Admin`,`Kubernetes Engine Admin` (`roles/container.admin`), `Kubernetes Engine Cluster Admin` (`roles/container.clusterAdmin`), `DNS Administrator` (`roles/dns.admin`), `Service Account User` (`roles/iam.serviceAccountUser`), `Storage Admin` (`roles/storage.admin`)
| **sa-kyma-artifacts**         | Saves release and development artifacts to the GCS bucket. | `Storage Object Admin` (`roles/storage.objectAdmin`)
| **sa-vm-kyma-integration**    | Runs integration tests on k3d.                             | `Compute Instance Admin (beta)` (`roles/compute.instanceAdmin`), `Compute OS Admin Login` (`roles/compute.osAdminLogin`), `Service Account User` (`roles/iam.serviceAccountUser`)

> | **sa-gcs-plank**              | Schedules the pod requested by a prowjob.                  | TBD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **sa-gcs-plank**              | Schedules the Pod requested by a Prow Job.                  | TBD
```
